So, hi,
I'm Kim, I am the behavior intervention
mentor here at Marshview Middle School.
And I'm going to share with you an example
of the school to community connection
about sustaining practices
of embedding school based relationship
building as a hallmark of the school's
culture and mission.
And so here at Marshall Middle School,
we have a mentorship program
with Mount Allison University.
And as a behavior intervention mentor.
My role in that is to be very much aware
that behavior has a function.
All behavior has a function.
Usually
it divides into four different categories.
One of those categories is an attachment
seeking connections
with people seeking attention.
And so I am upstairs in the classrooms,
and I'm able to see a lot of the behavior
that's going on.
And as a band, I get to work with a lot
of the overt behaviors in our classrooms.
But this gives me an opportunity
to work with
some of the kids
who might not be having overt behaviors.
They might not be interrupting the class.
It's kiddos who might kind of
just be looking like
they need some connection
to somebody in the building.
So what I get to do is
make the connection between them
and a university student,
and it gives them
the opportunity to kind of shine
with somebody else who has attention,
just for them to take an interest
in what they want to be talking about,
to be able to show interest
in the things that they're interested in
and just give them real one on one
connection for a whole hour every week.
So it's just about them.
And some of those kiddos
really need that connection.
We love our neighbors.
My personal reflection
is that we need to try
to make more of these connections,
especially elsewhere in other schools,
because there's so many kids out there
who aren't having overt behaviors,
but whose behavior is still speaking
and saying something.
Those trauma sensitive practices
suggest that it's not just kids
who are misbehaving who are struggling.
Some of those kids could be showing
that need for connection
by backing away,
by not necessarily seeking it as well.